---
date: 2023-04-10 13:15:01
title: "IAMO Forum 2023"
categories:
- [training, IAMO, 2023]
thumbnail_in_body: /img/iamo/iamo_2023.jpg
---
#### IAMO Forum 2023

21 - 23 June 2023 - IAMO Forum 2023 entitled “International Agricultural Trade, Geopolitics and Global Food Security” will take place in Halle (Saale), Germany, from 21 to 23 June 2023.

International agricultural trade is key to improving global food security. It ensures better access to more diversified and nutritious food, especially in low-income countries, and acts as a safety net against food shortages caused by climate risks, crises, political tensions and other shocks. However, recent supply chain disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, extreme weather events and the war in Ukraine have posed serious challenges to international agricultural trade. Rising geopolitical risks, such as the China-US trade conflict and tensions between Russia and the West, are further challenging trade relations. Following a long period of reduced agricultural trade barriers, the global food economy could now be faced with growing isolation and autarky resulting from trade-restricting measures, such as sanctions and export restrictions.

The IAMO Forum 2023 is jointly organized with the German Agribusiness Alliance and the Leibniz ScienceCampus “Eastern Europe – Global Area” (EEGA), with the technical cooperation of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.

The conference language will be English. The conference takes place in presence. If there are any restrictions connected to the COVID-19 the virtual presentation will be possible.
