---
date: 2022-04-10 13:15:01
title: "International IAMO-Alumni Summer School 2022 “Research and innovation for sustainable rural development"
categories:
- [training, iamo, 2022]
thumbnail_in_body: /img/iamo/iamo_2022.jpg
---
#### IAMO Forum 2022

20 - 24 June 2022 - The Leibniz Institute of Agricultural Development in Transition Economies (IAMO) and Alumni IAMO e.V. invite applications by alumni (both IAMO and any other German higher education organisation) to an international Summer School.

The Summer School takes place 20 – 24 June 2022 in Halle (Saale), Germany. The program features presentations and discussions of the role of research and innovation for sustainable rural development. Besides external speakers, participants are invited to share their research insights or report on recent developments in the research landscape of their countries. One excursion to agribusinesses and rural development initiatives in the surrounding of Halle will complement the programme. Selected research contributions will be presented during IAMO Forum 2022. Furthermore, international networks of researchers will introduce themselves, and the networking between alumni should be strengthened. Researchers from Europe and Asia's formerly centrally planned economies are particularly encouraged to apply.

**Selection criteria**
Eligible applicants must have stayed at least three months at any German university or research institute. Thus, former Bachelor, Master or PhD students and other researchers are invited to apply. Preference will be given to applicants with individual contributions.

**Application**
Application will be open immediately. You can apply for the Summer School by sending an email with a CV and, in case applicable, an abstract of the intended presentation to Prof Dr Thomas Herzfeld (herzfeld(at)iamo.de) before 13 March 2022. Admission decisions will be announced around 25 March 2022 and shared individually.

**Registration fees and living costs**
There is no registration fee for the Summer School. Participants will receive a lump-sum reimbursement of 96 € per day plus travel costs but are responsible for their living costs (e.g., travel, housing and food expenses) during the Summer School.
