---
date: 2021-04-10 18:15:01
title: "ESSA-BEHAVE Online Summer School 2021"
categories:
- [events, essa, 2021]
thumbnail_in_body: /img/essa/essa2021.jpg
---

<h3 class="_excerpt_ignore">ESSA-BEHAVE Online Summer School 2021</h3>

ESSA-BEHAVE Online Summer School 2021 on “Agent-Based Modelling for Social Scientists” is going to take place from 30 August-10 September 2021.

Jointly organised by Behave Lab, ESSA-European Social Simulation Association, GECS–Research Group on Experimental and Computational Sociology (University of Brescia), the ESLS PhD Programme in Economic Sociology and Labour Studies (University of Milan) and supported by Fondazione Grazioli and Collegio Universitario Luigi Lucchini di Brescia, this school aims to train students on Agent-Based Models (ABM) in NetLogo by using modelling examples from social science research.

Students will be provided with the theoretical background on the use of ABM in social science research and will learn how to develop an ABM from scratch. No prerequisite on computing is needed. Students will be connected via ZOOM and will be trained with their own laptop. Students are also encouraged to develop a customized project starting from a personal research idea: bring your own model or data if you have, and we will help you! During the advanced course, students will be trained on empirical calibration of parameters with quantitative and qualitative data, validation techniques and model documentation. The last slot of the advanced training will include a session on how to survive peer review and editors when trying to publish ABM studies in scholarly journals.

More information: see http://behavelab.org/behave-summer-school/